# EXERCISE 1

## a)
I've tired to use all or nothing thinking - binge out all the way on a day and then fast for 24-48 hours. I've never been able to push through the fasting period is because the hunger is just too miserable. The longest I've been able to push through is slightly less than 48 hours. More often, a little less than 24 hours, I would just lose my mind to the pain and binge out all the way again. I'm just not the kind of person who has the capacity to go on safe, healthy intermittent fasts. At least not yet.
I kept putting of the idea of recieving structured therapy and program help. I lost faith in therapy due to my own pessimistic thinking and noise on the Internet. I thought I could fix this through intermittent fasting, even cherry-picking data on reddit to support my idea. None of that helped. It only fueled my destructive perfectionism.
It has also been a secret, not out of deliberate cover-ups, but simply because I have zero-friends in life and my good-for-nothing parents are just too undereducated to ever realize what's going on.

## b)
The most important thing that helped is a good night sleep. It facilitates a clear mind and not to be controlled by my monkey brain.
The second most important thing is regualr eating. Plan out 3 meals and 2 snaks a day in advance. This regulate my hunger.
Finally, being mindful of my emotions help. I was able to identify the usual cues/trigger and not fall back to old behavior. I think meditation probably played a huge part in enabling that.


# EXERCISE 4

## a)
- 1. Health
- 2. Inner Peace
- 3. Wisdom (Being able to see beneath the superficial to what matters deeply and to act upon that knowldge).
- 4. Authenticity
- 5. Self-Control
 
## b)
- 1. Health is the most important thing of my life. If I only have one goal in life, it's to live as long and healthy as possible. I've been evaluating all my decisions on this metric because I feel like it's the one thing I won't regret pursuing. I want to be free of disease for as long and possible, because if I don't, and I have to live in fragility, fear, dependence and just misery for the last couple of decades in my life, none of the other stuff (Money, Love, Beauty, Knowledge) would matter. There is no peace in hell. Health is the foundation of all. Also I want a nice body so i could love myself better.
- 2. Inner Peace is a recent realization. It's actually a heuristic for a state of mental well-being. Cuz I'm struggling with eating dsorder, anxiety, mild depression and I know how painful it is to be drowned and torn apart in confusion, hatred, bitterness and the feeling of being lost. I want my demons to be quiet because I know how tormenting it can be when they are not.
- 3. Wisdom is important to me because I belive it would help me stop feeling lost and confused and bitter thus achieving inner peace. When I listen to wise people like Naval Ravikant, I find great power and comfort. I don't want to waste my life chasing the wrong things and ended up regretful and miserable. I want to want the right things and know how to get them.
- 4. Authenticity. I have a strong sense of autonomous identity. I refuse to get long hair as my Mom deprately asks because I know life's just easier when my hair is short. I never watched Anime back in China despite every one of my peers was, simply because I decided that I don't like the style and I don't wanna watch stuff in a language I don't understand. I decided to pursue mindfulness and sprituality despite no one else from my background or old social circle gives a shit and sometimes I feel out of place in both communities. But I don't follow trends. I always know exactly if I like or hate something. And I never delve into it unless I know I like it, regardless of what everyone else does.
- 5. Self-Control I value self-control because it gives me a sense of control, self esteem and stability in my life. Exercising every morning, following a rigid diet and wind down for sleep every night help me stay sane and grounded.
 
 ## c)
 - 1. Binge Eating is directly catastrophic to my health. It will give me excess body fat and high blood sugar. Binging on sugary and fatty foods will raise my risk of diabetes, heart disease, cancer and dimensia. I will live out the rest of my days and leave in misery.
 - 2. Binge Eating makes me disgusted and hate myself. It creates fear, anxiety, frustration and hatred. I will be tormented by the noise of my demons boiling in my ears, never having the luxury of even one moment of peace.
 - 3. Binge Eating narrows my life experiences (regarding career and socialzation) and clouds my mind. Thats not good for wisdom. I will not explore enough to understand myself and the world. I will always be lost and scared of the universe.
 - 4. Binge Eating causes signifcant financial strain. It will limit my autonomy and freedom to be my most authentic self. To live in your own ways, your own style, findig your own culture and own people requires independence. I can't have that without a stable career in an urban city. Not having enough career captial would mean I have work in an environment that requires me to conform to certain images & lifestyles, like living with my parents or working as a Chinese goverment civil servant or a delivery rider or a teacher in the Chinese K-12 Education system or a low-level white-collar in some boring firm. I wanna be a Manie Pixie Dream Boy and that requires money.
 - 5. Binge Eating is a direct failure of self-control. I will always feel like I can't control myself no matter how bad I want to. I will never feel in control of my life. It undermines my confidence and will to maintain self-control in other areas as well.
