# The lows are still to come

## August 27th
I just felt the urge to binge once again. I realized that's because insecurity is visiting me right now. Self doubt and fear is running in the back of my mind. 

I'm experiencing the following feelings: hopelessness, worthlessness, a strong believe that I am unlovable and unrespectful and that I am an annoying person.

All these feelings are why I feel like buying and eating a block of cream cheese. But I think it's not worth it and I'll regret it.

I'm having these feelings because this person to whom I have attatched to replied rather passively and strangely to my meesage. I sent her the article as I said I would and she asked me to, but she only replied with an attacthing laugh with tears of joy emoji. No thanks, no serious reply, no actual reading and exploration. Now I feel like I have use up all my conversation starters and our common topic and thers only awkward silence. 

I feel like she's parring me off. I started realizing how I always like to send rather blocky messages that's longer than hers, and I seriously think she now feels or thinks that I am weird and not exactly the kind of person you want to keep conversating with. She might feel overwhelmed and uncomfortable.

She might not really think that I'm weird though, as I'm having these beliefs which, at least for now, seems pretty reasonable: She might be really mature and actually sees right through me, all my intentional interactions and making conversations, but kept a friendly / cautious distance out of kindness and respect. If that's true, I would feel awful.

I have this problem of cutting in other people's sentences and I did that to her when the three of us were walking on Tuesday night. She said "So I searched Zen and there was this one at High Park.." and I cut in, making a gesture: "OOooohhh the Toronto Zen Centre!" She paused and then contined: "Yeah, and the introductory workshop was like.." and I decdied to say TOGETHER: "60 dollars!!" such a dick. At the time it was rather insignificant comapred to other positive interactions but now its coming back to haunt me.

There's also this uncertainty and fear about where we go from now on. Are we still friends who make a point/effort to have one-on-one conversations or hangouts? Or is she just one of those Sangha people who I'm now on friendly terms but doesnt even bother to DM unsually unless for good reason? I feel like I ran out of natural conversaions with her. What do I do now? I suppose dynamic changes are common, but no one ever told me how to interpret them wisely, accurately or healthily. I just find all of it very chaotic and scary, and its negating my effort and abilities. I believe I made her flinch. How do I live with it?

Cognitive reframing such as "You're doing trial and error for growth and becoming a better person thus making genuine, long-term friends in the future" used to serve me well, but I now realise they did me more damage then good. In that mindset, the present is always a temporary means to an end, something to endure, to suffer from, and only the future is worth living for. But it relies on the untrue assumptuio that we are all on this progressing journey of hero and we will awalys evolvde and turn out better in the end. 

But in the end you realized you have never lived. 

I need to be able to actually live with these emotions, right here, right now. To Let it be. But its 22.10 already so I'm going to bed for now.

## August 28th 
It is 3 min to 2pm right now. I was walking home from Robarts when I decided I'll stop by the K-Mart, buy a box 1 pound Strawberries and eat them all. I was half way through the box when I realized what I am doing and stopped myself. I guess I should see this as a progress. I'm trying to reframe it that way but I'm feeling kind of down. Not just because its ranining and chilly and that always make me depressed, but also because this caused to me to slip back toward a dangerous path. I decided to have a 1 pound of strawberries because it's around 150 calories, only 40 calories more than 400g of Cabbage which I orignally decided to have everyday but I forgot to have for 2 consecutive days (tbh I just didn't want to have it it tastes like shit), which means there's a 220 calorie deficit, which means I earned these strawberries. But this kind of thinking is what's trapping me in Hell. It's never about the calories. It's about my behavior and mindset. I'm eating them out of an unhealthy, compulsive craving. That's just setting me up for a real binge.
I thought about her lack of response again when napping earlier. I now truly belive that my cutting into sentences, offering unasked presumptious advices and every other cringey move that night made her sick of me. She said she would send me the email so I could send her the e-book. She asked me to send her the article. But she followed up with none of that. I had to facilite it. It's been almost 3 days and still, none of us even mentioned the e-book in the DMs she never even bothered. How can I not think she's jus fucking with perfunctory?
