Hey guys. So today, I want to talk about grieving the loss of your innocence. So, **I'm a university student**, and lately, I've kind of been feeling lost and overwhelmed just trying to navigate through the adult world. And my core struggle is dealing with the fact that **people live in completely different and almost alien realities**.

So, for example, I'll listen to a podcast about a grad student who applied to over 140 internships and only getting two offers. And I feel that intense anxiety and pressure of that professional grind. And then, minutes later, I'll hear the interview with an artist talking about how a one-night stand unlocked a new understanding of intimacy and then inspired their new album.

So, hearing those two stories back to back creates a really bitter and painful feeling in me, and it's not jealousy exactly, but a deep confusion about how these worlds can even exist at the same time. You know, one reality is about an **intense struggle for survival and basic career stability**, you know, just grinding the code for over 10 hours a day and just being completely burned out and wanting to kill themsel. And meanwhile, someone has a one-night stand and then spends so much cognitive resources on this deep intellectual reflection on how that experience refreshes their understanding of self-identity and human intimacy. So, a story that seems completely disconnected from that grad student struggle.

So, this is kind of just an example of what my brain is primed to think these days. Comparing these two narratives makes me question my own place in the world again. Like, do I deserve to pursue my own dreams, or is it just a childish fantasy? And should my primary focus be on practicality and survival? And how much of the answer to, "Do you get to choose?" is determined by your financial situation? And how much is just a matter of the headspace or mindset that you live in?

And the truth is, I've known the answer all along. I've just been unable to see it. I've been escaping the answer that it's **almost entirely determined by your financial situation**, which is not fair and almost never will be. Only very few privileged individuals throughout history get to experience anything similar to what that artist did.

And, you know, of the vast, complex, and beautiful ocean of human experiences that I stumbled upon when I was young through books, media, but mostly on the internet, I realized **99% of them are not going to be accessible to me**. And that includes the different personalities and identities. One could be like a **drag queen, a whacker, a vulgar, a park ranger, a humanist photographer, a survivalist like Edward Stafford**. I'm not going to be those things in 20 years, and possibly not ever.

So, as I am maturing and just fully realizing the gravity of real-world constraints, I kind of want to cry. I did cry about it this other day. So, because I just feel like **something inside me has died**. And I guess that's what people call your innocence. So, if I'm going to summarize my feelings into one sentence, it's that I'm grieving. Grieving the **loss of my innocence, the loss of the worlds I thought I could be a part of, the people I thought I could be, and the truth I thought I had in my hand**. It's just gone. Like, all gone.

And I can't really share this with anyone because probably nobody in my life or in my social circle would be empathetic towards this situation. Take my parents, for example. They have lived in the real world their entire lives, like, constantly fighting for stability before eventually building their careers and making their fortunes. So, they would never resonate with this feeling or even just respect it. And I fully understand that if I were them, I would judge it. I would think it's pathetic.

So, 'cause the problem isn't that I'm losing my ignorance or innocence. The problem is that **I was never I was ever detached from the real world in the first place, that I consumed so much unrealistic pop culture as a kid, and that my spoiled middle-class ass had spent the first 18 years of my life in that bubble**. So, no, nobody's going to empathize with that. And I'm grieving for my change, and it's a phase that **I have to go through alone**.

As much as I would like this feeling to stop and just focus on school and focus on getting a job, I know that just **suppressing these emotions is not healthy or sustainable**. So, **this video is a way of recording those feelings**. And I'm putting this out here in case that someone is going through the same thing and comes across this video. Well, I'd like you to know that you're not alone, and it's okay to feel this way. Think of it as the actual rest of your life has just opened up in front of you, and it's going to be a hell of a journey. That's for sure.

And as for practical next steps, I think I need to go on an **information diet**. So, start with a podcast, a social media post, and just focus on school. Like, **run, lift, meditate, gratitude journaling, and read some books that actually help you understand the world and make better decisions like *Sapiens* or *The Psychology of Money***, etc. So yeah, that's it.
